hello in this video I want to show you a
new model it's a little egg cup little
chicken for Easter and I want to say
thank you for 500 subscribers to my
channel I really appreciate that thank
you very much and so now I want to show
you how to fold this model has a nice
color change so I take paper that is
white on one side and colored on the
other for the real a cup you need a
paper that is about 12 by 12 centimeters
for the video I take a little larger
sheet it's 15 by 15 centimeters and I
first fold the diagonal and then fold it
in half once more fold the long side to
the short side but only make a little
mark here and from this mark make a
valley fold parallel to the long side
like that this is only precreasing and
we open the model again and so you see
the little square inside here make all
four sides of the square Mountain folds
my back so that make all four corners
mountain-fold as well
now press in the middle like that and
flatten the model just bring these two
tips to one side and press it flat that
is already the basic shape if the two
legs the tail and they had off the
chicken to fold this in an easier way I
open it again and make a crease from
this point to this part this will be the
tail
and for the head just bring this point
to this point and just make a slight a
very light crease here and then collapse
the model again like so and fold the
feet to the front somewhere here this
this edge should fly on the edge
underneath something like that and of
course the same thing on the other side
now make a mountain fold here too to
lock it
hold this behind as far as it goes okay
same thing here all this inwards as far
as it goes to that crease and pull the
beak a little bit to the front you can
shape it here and just make a little
curve fold like so that's it yeah and
ready is the bird now two things um I
could lock it here a little bit by
folding up parallel to this edge this
locks the foot a little bit so that it
won't open like that
and of course if you want to put an egg
inside you have to open it press from
underneath and open it slightly make it
round also here in the front make a
round curve fold here and ready it's the
echo I used very heavy a quarrel paper
painted with acrylic paint for this
model and you see that the model is very
firm like that and it holds an egg very
well I hope you enjoy folding this new
model and I hope you enjoyed watching
this video thanks again for 500
subscribers Happy Easter
all the best and see
bye-bye